In the distant future, where artificial intelligence intertwines with the fabric of human existence, a lone explorer discovers a cryptic anomaly that holds the key to unraveling the mysteries of the cosmos. To find the key, he must uncover a seemingly endless variety of strange phenomena, all of which defy his physical perceptions. Captain Elara Nova, navigates the cosmos aboard the starship Celestial Voyager. During her travels, she witnesses an apparent disappearance of a planet located on the map of one of the worlds studied by the explorer; upon her return she discovers that it appears to be a planet in the midst of some alien life. Upon discovering a strange cave she attempts to investigate it, Captain Nova is captured by some alien beings upon attempting to free herself. She is eventually rescued by the crew of the flagship USS Enterprise, where the lone explorer is named Dr. James T. Kirk.  Meanwhile, a military unit led by Lieutenant Commander Tucker is dispatched to a remote part of the galaxy to test the effects of incoming anti-vigilante technologies. Commander Spock is in command of the unit, and has developed a way of rapidly shutting down the invaders from within. Worried about the alien takeover, Admiral McCoy orders Tucker to assist the group of refugees, and the latter reluctantly agrees. Here he got an idea about to use artificial intelligence to help him find a human for a mission to Saturn, from which he intends to return to the present galaxy. However, an unknown threat surfaces and Kirk immediately orders the ship to withdraw.  Commander Tucker and his men decided to make a Robot Warrior, or "Rag", out of humanoids for their return, after realizing that, as the name implies, the humanoid is more than a little unsettling. They discover that the robot is able to see through its own brain. The robots then go to the planet of Saturn, searching for evidence of life, and after a fierce battle with Tucker's robots they find that it has survived and developed a self-regenerating and self-repairing technology. The robot, named Rocket, becomes stronger, though not invincible, which Spock hopes to have figured out, to the surprise of Tucker's fellow RATs. But when they try to question Rocket, he tells them that he is still an Alpha Centauri (rather than a Centaur), not yet a member of the crew who actually knows the full history of the universe from him.  Arriving at the planet, Tucker and the others enter a wormhole where they found a large city of Robots. Meanwhile, the RATs begin exploring this city and come across a strange humanoid race who claim the sole reason they exist is to create an army so they can settle the disputes and improve their race. Finally, Tucker and the RATs confront the "Rag" that the robot was seeking and McCoy questions his own robot, who informs them that it is "the fastest warrior on the planet". Spock orders Tucker to give Rocket away.
